Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with Blackstone Inc.’s condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes included within this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

In this report, references to “Blackstone,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Blackstone Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries.

Our Business

Blackstone is the world’s largest alternative asset manager. We generate revenue from fees earned pursuant to contractual arrangements with funds, fund investors and fund portfolio companies (including management, transaction and monitoring fees), and from capital markets services. We also invest in the funds we manage and we are entitled to a pro-rata share of the income of the fund (a “pro-rata allocation”). In addition to a pro-rata allocation, and assuming certain investment returns are achieved, we are entitled to a disproportionate allocation of the income otherwise allocable to the limited partners, commonly referred to as carried interest (“Performance Allocations”). In certain investment fund structures, we receive a contractual incentive fee from the fund based on achieving certain investment returns (an “Incentive Fee,” and together with Performance Allocations, “Performance Revenues”). The composition of our revenues will vary based on market conditions and the cyclicality of the different business units we operate. Net investment gains and investment income generated by Blackstone Funds are driven by the performance of underlying investments in such funds as well as overall market conditions. Fair values are affected by changes in the fundamentals of our funds’ portfolio companies and other investments, the industries in which they operate, the overall economy and other market conditions.

Our business is organized into four segments:

Real Estate

Our Real Estate business is a global leader in real estate investing and operates as one globally integrated business with investments across the globe, including in the Americas, Europe and Asia. Our real estate investment teams seek to utilize our global expertise and presence to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our investors.

Our Blackstone Real Estate Partners (“BREP”) business is geographically diversified and targets a broad range of opportunistic real estate and real estate-related investments. The BREP platform includes global funds as well as funds focused specifically on Europe or Asia investments. BREP seeks to invest thematically in high-quality, well-located assets where we see outsized growth potential driven by global economic and demographic trends. BREP has made significant investments in logistics, data centers, rental housing, hospitality, office and retail properties around the world, as well as in a variety of real estate operating companies.

69

Table of Contents

Our Core+ real estate strategy invests in substantially stabilized real estate globally, primarily through perpetual capital vehicles. The strategy includes our (a) Blackstone Property Partners (“BPP”) funds, which are focused on high-quality assets in the Americas, Europe and Asia, (b) a non-listed real estate investment trust (“REIT”), Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“BREIT”) and Blackstone European Property Income Fund (“BEPIF”) vehicles, which provide income-focused individual investors access to institutional quality real estate primarily in the Americas and Europe, respectively, and (c) a NYSE-listed REIT focused on acquiring and owning data centers, Blackstone Digital Infrastructure Trust (“BXDC”).

Our Blackstone Real Estate Debt Strategies (“BREDS”) platform primarily targets real estate-related debt investment opportunities. BREDS invests in both public and private markets, primarily in the U.S. and Europe. BREDS’ scale and investment mandates enable it to provide a variety of lending options for our borrowers and investment options for our investors, including commercial real estate mortgage loans and liquid real estate-related debt securities. The BREDS platform includes high-yield real estate debt funds, liquid real estate debt funds, capital managed on behalf of our Credit & Insurance segment, and Blackstone Mortgage Trust, Inc. (“BXMT”), a NYSE-listed mortgage REIT.

Private Equity

Our Private Equity segment includes: (a) Private Equity Strategies (described below), (b) Infrastructure, which includes (1) our infrastructure-focused funds for institutional investors with a primary focus on the U.S. and Europe (Blackstone Infrastructure Partners or “BIP”) and (2) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors access to our infrastructure capabilities (Blackstone Infrastructure Strategies or “BXINFRA”), (c) our secondaries business (“Secondaries”), which includes Strategic Partners Fund Solutions (“Strategic Partners”) and our GP Stakes business (“Blackstone GP Stakes” or “BXGP”), (d) our capital markets services business (Blackstone Capital Markets or “BXCM”) and (e) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individuals exposure to certain of Blackstone’s key illiquid investment strategies through a single commitment (Blackstone Total Alternatives Solution or “BTAS”).

Our Private Equity Strategies include: (a) our Corporate Private Equity business (described below), (b) our hybrid capital investment platform that invests flexibly across asset classes, industries and geographies (Blackstone Tactical Opportunities or “Tactical Opportunities”), (c) our life sciences investment platform (Blackstone Life Sciences or “BXLS”), (d) our growth equity investment platform (Blackstone Growth or “BXG”) and (e) a private wealth-focused platform offering eligible individual investors access to Blackstone’s private equity capabilities (Blackstone Private Equity Strategies Fund or “BXPE”).

Our Corporate Private Equity business consists of: (a) our global private equity funds (Blackstone Capital Partners or “BCP”), (b) our Asia-focused private equity funds (Blackstone Capital Partners Asia or “BCP Asia”), (c) our sector-focused funds, including our energy- and energy transition-focused funds (Blackstone Energy Transition Partners or “BETP”) and (d) our core private equity funds (Blackstone Core Equity Partners or “BCEP”).

We are a global leader in private equity investing. Our Corporate Private Equity business pursues transactions across industries on a global basis. It strives to create value by investing in great businesses where our capital, strategic insight, global relationships and operational support can drive transformation. Corporate Private Equity’s investment strategies and core themes continually evolve in anticipation of, or in response to, changes in the global economy, local markets, regulation, capital flows and geopolitical trends. We seek to construct a differentiated portfolio of investments with a well-defined, post-acquisition value creation strategy. Similarly, we seek investments that can generate strong unlevered returns regardless of entry or exit cycle timing. BCEP pursues control-oriented investments in high-quality companies with durable businesses and seeks to offer a lower level of risk and a longer hold period than traditional private equity.

70

Table of Contents

Tactical Opportunities pursues a thematically driven, hybrid capital investment strategy. Our flexible, global mandate enables us to find differentiated opportunities across asset classes, industries and geographies and invest behind them with the frequent use of structure to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Tactical Opportunities’ ability to dynamically shift focus to the most compelling opportunities in any market environment, combined with the business’ expertise in structuring complex transactions, enables Tactical Opportunities to invest in attractive market areas, often with securities that provide downside protection and maintain upside return.

BXLS invests across the life cycle of companies and products within the life sciences sector. BXLS primarily focuses on investments in life sciences products in late-stage clinical development within the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors.

BXG seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns by investing in dynamic, growth-stage businesses, with a focus on the consumer, consumer technology, enterprise solutions, financial services and healthcare sectors.

BXPE invests primarily in privately negotiated, equity-oriented investments, leveraging Blackstone’s private equity talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative investments diversified across geographies and sectors.

BIP targets a diversified mix of core+, core and public-private partnership investments across all infrastructure sectors, including energy infrastructure, transportation, digital infrastructure and water and waste. BIP applies a disciplined, operationally intensive investment approach to investments, seeking to apply a long-term buy-and-hold strategy to large-scale infrastructure assets with a focus on delivering stable, long-term capital appreciation together with a predictable annual cash flow yield. BXINFRA invests primarily in infrastructure equity, secondaries and credit strategies, leveraging Blackstone’s infrastructure talent and investment capabilities to create an attractive portfolio of alternative infrastructure investments.

Strategic Partners is a total fund solutions provider. As a secondary investor, it acquires interests in high-quality private funds from original holders seeking liquidity. Strategic Partners focuses on a range of opportunities in underlying funds such as private equity, real estate, infrastructure, venture and growth capital, credit and other types of funds, as well as general partner-led transactions and primary investments and co-investments with financial sponsors. Strategic Partners also provides investment advisory services to separately managed account clients investing in primary and secondary investments in private funds and co-investments. Blackstone GP Stakes targets minority investments in the general partners of private equity and other private market alternative asset management firms globally, with a focus on delivering a combination of recurring annual cash flow yield and long-term capital appreciation.

Credit & Insurance

Our Credit & Insurance segment (“BXCI”) offers its clients and borrowers a comprehensive solution across corporate and asset based credit, including investment grade and non-investment grade debt. BXCI is one of the largest credit managers and CLO managers in the world. The investment portfolios BXCI’s credit platform manages or sub-advises consist primarily of loans and securities of non-investment and investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity.

BXCI is organized into three overarching credit investing strategies: private corporate credit, liquid corporate credit and infrastructure and asset based credit. The private corporate credit strategies include mezzanine and direct lending funds, stressed/distressed strategies and SMAs. The direct lending funds include Blackstone Private Credit Fund (“BCRED”), Blackstone Secured Lending Fund (“BXSL”), both of which are business development companies (“BDCs”), as well as Blackstone European Private Credit Fund (“ECRED”).

71

Table of Contents

The liquid corporate credit strategies consist of CLOs, closed-ended funds, open-ended funds, systematic strategies and SMAs. The infrastructure and asset based credit strategies include private placement strategies, energy strategies (including our sustainable resources platform) and asset based finance strategies focused on privately originated, income-oriented credit assets secured by physical, financial or residential real estate collateral.

Our insurance platform focuses on providing investment management services for insurance and reinsurance accounts, seeking to deliver customized and diversified portfolios consisting primarily of investment grade credit, including through Blackstone’s private credit origination capabilities. Through this platform, we provide our clients tailored portfolio construction, strategic asset allocation and specialized analytical tools. While focusing on policyholder protection, we seek to achieve risk-managed, liability-matched and capital-efficient returns, as well as diversification and capital preservation. We also provide similar services to clients through SMAs or by sub-managing assets for certain insurance-dedicated funds and special purpose vehicles.

Multi-Asset Investing

Our Multi-Asset Investing segment (“BXMA”) is the world’s largest discretionary allocator to hedge funds and is a leader in building multi-asset portfolios. BXMA invests across asset classes in both public and private markets aiming to generate compelling risk-adjusted returns.

BXMA is organized into four investment platforms: Absolute Return, Multi-Strategy, Total Portfolio Management and Public Real Assets. Absolute Return manages a broad range of commingled and customized portfolios and aims to generate consistent returns across market environments. Multi-Strategy aims to generate strong risk-adjusted returns through opportunistic, asset-class agnostic investing. Total Portfolio Management manages large-scale total portfolios across asset classes in both public and private markets. The Public Real Assets platform is managed by Harvest Fund Advisors LLC (“Harvest”), which primarily invests in publicly traded energy infrastructure, renewables and master limited partnerships holding midstream energy assets in North America.

Business Environment

Blackstone’s businesses are materially affected by conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions in the U.S., Europe, Asia and, to a lesser extent, elsewhere in the world.

Most major equity markets appreciated significantly in the second quarter of 2026, driven by resilient economic growth and underpinned by continued large-scale capex investments in the artificial intelligence-related ecosystem. The total return of the S&P 500 Index was 15.2%, with the information technology and industrial sectors exhibiting the largest gains of 31.8% and 14.9%, respectively. The energy sector was an outlier, decreasing 13.4% amid lower oil prices as supply disruption concerns eased. The price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil decreased 31.4% to $69.50 per barrel. In credit markets, the total return of the S&P Leveraged Loan Index was 1.9% and the ICE Bank of America High Yield Bond Index was 2.5%. High yield spreads tightened 32 basis points.

U.S. capital markets activity levels expanded considerably following an active first quarter. Initial public offering volumes increased 628% year-over-year, buoyed by the $75 billion initial public offering of SpaceX, the largest IPO in history. U.S. announced merger and acquisition deal volumes also rose sharply, up 99% year-over-year.

Inflation in the U.S. has moderated significantly from the post-Covid peak; however, inflation remains above the Federal Reserve’s long-term target of 2.0%, largely reflecting the impact of elevated energy prices in the first half of 2026. CPI increased 3.5% year-over-year in June, as compared to 3.3% growth in March 2026. The Federal Reserve has held the federal funds target range steady at 3.50-3.75% since December 2025. The ten-year U.S. Treasury yield increased 15 basis points in the second quarter of 2026 to 4.47% and has since risen to 4.72% as of July 31, 2026. Three-month SOFR was unchanged quarter-over-quarter at 3.68%.

72

Table of Contents

Despite slowing growth, the U.S. economy continued to demonstrate resilience in the second quarter. The Bureau of Economic Analysis’ advance estimate of U.S. real GDP indicated annualized growth of 1.5% quarter-over-quarter, compared to 2.1% in the first quarter. Wages rose 3.5% year-over-year in June 2026. Demand for retail and food services also remained strong, with sales increasing 6.7% year-over-year. The labor market remained in balance, with the unemployment rate at 4.2% as of June 2026 compared to 4.3% in March 2026.

Outside of the U.S., central banks have pursued a variety of policy approaches in response to regional economic conditions. The Bank of England left its bank rate unchanged at 3.75% through the second quarter. Inflation in the U.K. decreased to 2.6% year-over-year in June from 3.3% in March 2026. The European Central Bank increased its deposit facility rate by 25 basis points to 2.25% in June amid inflationary pressures associated with higher energy prices. The Bank of Japan increased its policy rate to 1.0% in June from 0.75%, as policymakers balanced inflation concerns against economic growth considerations. The People’s Bank of China left its rate unchanged at 3.0% for its one-year prime loan.

Despite ongoing uncertainty relating to geopolitical conditions and the path of interest rates and artificial intelligence disruption in certain sectors, the U.S. economy has demonstrated continued strength. This strength has been meaningfully aided by artificial intelligence-related spending. The vitality of the economy has positively impacted market sentiment and driven initial public offering and merger and acquisition activity. A durable resolution to the ongoing conflict in the Middle East should provide a basis for further improvements in market conditions and transaction activity.

For additional information on the potential impact on each of our business segments of the conditions described above see “—Segment Analysis”.

73

Table of Contents

Organizational Structure

The simplified diagram below depicts our current organizational structure. The diagram does not depict all of our subsidiaries, including intermediate holding companies through which certain of the subsidiaries depicted are held.

Key Financial Measures and Indicators

We manage our business using certain financial measures and key operating metrics since we believe these metrics measure the productivity of our investment activities. We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”). See “—Item 1. Financial Statements — Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements — Note 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” and “—Critical Accounting Policies.” Our key non-GAAP financial measures and operating indicators and metrics are discussed below.

Distributable Earnings

Distributable Earnings is derived from Blackstone’s segment reported results. Distributable Earnings is used to assess performance and amounts available for dividends to Blackstone stockholders, including Blackstone personnel and others who are limited partners of the Blackstone Holdings Partnerships. Distributable Earnings is the sum of Segment Distributable Earnings plus Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) less Taxes and Related Payables. Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Distributable Earnings.

74

Table of Contents

Net Interest and Dividend Income (Loss) is presented on a segment basis and is equal to Interest and Dividend Revenue less Interest Expense, adjusted for the impact of consolidation of Blackstone Funds, and interest expense associated with the Tax Receivable Agreement.

Taxes and Related Payables represent the total GAAP tax provision adjusted to include only the current tax provision (benefit) calculated on Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes and including the payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Further, the current tax provision utilized when calculating Taxes and Related Payables and Distributable Earnings reflects the benefit of deductions available to the company on certain expense items that are excluded from the underlying calculation of Segment Distributable Earnings and Total Segment Distributable Earnings, such as equity-based compensation charges and certain Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items where there is a current tax provision or benefit. The economic assumptions and methodologies that impact the implied income tax provision are the same as those methodologies and assumptions used in calculating the current income tax provision for Blackstone’s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations under GAAP, excluding the impact of divestitures and accrued tax contingency-related liabilities or refunds which are reflected when paid or received. The Payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement reflects the expected amount of tax savings generated in the period that parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement are entitled to receive in future periods. Management believes that including the amount payable under the Tax Receivable Agreement and utilizing the current income tax provision adjusted as described above when calculating Distributable Earnings is meaningful as it increases comparability between periods and more accurately reflects earnings that are available for distribution to stockholders.

Segment Distributable Earnings

Segment Distributable Earnings is Blackstone’s segment profitability measure used to make operating decisions and assess performance across Blackstone’s four segments. Blackstone believes it is useful to stockholders to review the measure that management uses in assessing segment performance. Segment Distributable Earnings represents the net realized earnings of Blackstone’s segments and is the sum of Fee Related Earnings and Net Realizations for each segment. Blackstone’s segments are presented on a basis that deconsolidates Blackstone Funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships, removes the amortization of intangible assets and removes Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items. Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and non-recurring gains, losses, or other charges, if any. They consist primarily of equity-based compensation charges, gains and losses on contingent consideration arrangements, changes in the balance of the Tax Receivable Agreement resulting from a change in tax law or similar event, transaction costs, gains or losses associated with these corporate actions and non-recurring gains, losses or other charges that affect period-to-period comparability and are not reflective of Blackstone’s operational performance. Segment Distributable Earnings excludes unrealized activity and is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Segment Distributable Earnings.

Net Realizations is presented on a segment basis and is the sum of Realized Principal Investment Income and Realized Performance Revenues (which refers to Realized Performance Revenues excluding Fee Related Performance Revenues), less Realized Performance Compensation (which refers to Realized Performance Compensation excluding Fee Related Performance Compensation and Equity-Based Performance Compensation).

Realized Performance Compensation reflects, pursuant to an ongoing compensation program, an increase in the aggregate Realized Performance Compensation paid to certain of our professionals above the amounts allocable to them based upon the percentage participation in the relevant performance plans previously awarded to them. The expectation is that for the full year 2026, Fee Related Compensation will be decreased by the total amount of additional Performance Compensation awarded for the year in respect of this compensation program. The program, which typically has an impact on individual quarters based on the estimated amounts for the full

75

Table of Contents

year, does not impact Income Before Provision (Benefits) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings for the full year. For the three and six months ended June 30, 2026, Realized Performance Compensation increased by $39.9 million and $68.2 million, respectively, and Fee Related Compensation decreased by $17.5 million and $35.0 million, respectively, which reduced Net Realizations, increased Fee Related Earnings and had a negative impact to Income Before Provision (Benefits) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings in the three and six months ended June 30, 2026. These changes had an impact on individual quarters but did not impact Income Before Provision (Benefits) for Taxes and Distributable Earnings for the year ended December 31, 2025.

Fee Related Earnings

Fee Related Earnings is a performance measure used to assess Blackstone’s ability to generate profits from revenues that are measured and received on a recurring basis and not subject to future realization events. Blackstone believes Fee Related Earnings is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the profitability of the portion of Blackstone’s business that is not dependent on realization activity. Fee Related Earnings equals management and advisory fees (net of management fee reductions and offsets) plus Fee Related Performance Revenues, less (a) Fee Related Compensation on a segment basis and (b) Other Operating Expenses. Fee Related Earnings is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Fee Related Earnings.

Fee Related Compensation is presented on a segment basis and refers to the compensation expense, excluding Equity-Based Compensation, directly related to (a) Management and Advisory Fees, Net and (b) Fee Related Performance Revenues, referred to as Fee Related Performance Compensation.

Fee Related Performance Revenues refers to the realized portion of Performance Revenues from Perpetual Capital that are (a) measured and received on a recurring basis and (b) not dependent on realization events from the underlying investments.

Other Operating Expenses is presented on a segment basis and is equal to General, Administrative and Other Expenses, adjusted to (a) remove transaction-related and non-recurring items that arise from corporate actions including acquisitions, divestitures, Blackstone’s initial public offering and non-recurring gains, losses or other charges, if any, (b) remove certain expenses reimbursed by the Blackstone Funds which are netted against Management and Advisory Fees, Net in Blackstone’s segment presentation and (c) give effect to an administrative fee collected on a quarterly basis from certain holders of Blackstone Holdings Partnership Units. The administrative fee is accounted for as a capital contribution under GAAP, but is reflected as a reduction of Other Operating Expenses in Blackstone’s segment presentation.

Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization

Adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes and Depreciation and Amortization (“Adjusted EBITDA”), is a supplemental measure used to assess performance derived from Blackstone’s segment results and may be used to assess its ability to service its borrowings. Adjusted EBITDA represents Distributable Earnings plus the addition of (a) Interest Expense on a segment basis, (b) Taxes and Related Payables and (c) Depreciation and Amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Income (Loss) Before Provision (Benefit) for Taxes. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA.

76

Table of Contents

Net Accrued Performance Revenues

Net Accrued Performance Revenues is a non-GAAP financial measure Blackstone believes is useful to stockholders as an indicator of potential future realized performance revenues based on the current investment portfolio of the funds and vehicles we manage. Net Accrued Performance Revenues represents the accrued performance revenues receivable by Blackstone, net of the related accrued performance compensation payable by Blackstone, excluding performance revenues that have been realized but not yet distributed as of the reporting date and clawback amounts, if any. Net Accrued Performance Revenues is derived from and reconciled to, but not equivalent to, its most directly comparable GAAP measure of Investments. See “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” for our reconciliation of Net Accrued Performance Revenues and Note 2. “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies — Equity Method Investments” in the “Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements” in “—Item 1. Financial Statements” for additional information on the calculation of Investments — Accrued Performance Allocations.

Operating Metrics

The alternative asset management business is primarily based on managing third-party capital and does not require substantial capital investment to support rapid growth. Since our inception, we have developed and used various key operating metrics to assess and monitor the operating performance of our various alternative asset management businesses in order to monitor the effectiveness of our value-creating strategies.

Total and Fee-Earning Assets Under Management

“Total Assets Under Management” refers to the invested and available capital in Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles (including, without limitation, investment funds and SMAs). The Total Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is dependent on the structure and investment strategy of such vehicle and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Total Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable:

(a)

a vehicle’s invested capital at fair value which, as applicable, is measured as (1) total investments measured at fair value, or gross asset values, each of which may include the fair value of investments purchased with leverage under certain credit facilities, (2) net asset value, or (3) amount of debt and equity outstanding or aggregate par amount of assets, including principal cash for CLOs, and

(b)

a vehicle’s available capital, if any, which represents (1) uncalled commitments made by investors and (2) available borrowing capacity under certain credit facilities.

Uncalled commitments represent the capital we are entitled to call from investors pursuant to the terms of their respective capital commitments, including capital commitments to funds that have yet to commence their investment periods. Drawdown funds, perpetual capital vehicles, co-investment vehicles, and SMAs can each be structured with a commitment from an investor that is called over time as opposed to fully funded upon subscription.

Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Total Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the assets are managed.

Our measurement of Total Assets Under Management includes commitments to, and the fair value of, invested capital in our funds from Blackstone and our personnel. Our calculation of Total Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Total Assets Under Management differs from the manner in which affiliated investment advisors report regulatory assets under management and may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles we manage or advise.

77

Table of Contents

“Fee-Earning Assets Under Management” refers to the portion of Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn management fees and/or performance revenues. The Fee-Earning Assets Under Management attributable to an individual vehicle is driven by the basis on which fees are earned and accordingly, will vary from vehicle to vehicle. Fee-Earning Assets Under Management generally equals the sum of the following across Blackstone-managed or advised vehicles, as applicable: (a) net asset value, (b) committed capital and remaining invested capital during the investment period and post-investment period, respectively, (c) invested capital (including leverage to the extent management fee-eligible), (d) gross asset value, (e) fair value of investments, or (f) the aggregate par amount of collateral assets, including principal cash, of CLOs.

Assets may be raised in one vehicle or business unit and subsequently invested in or managed or advised by another vehicle or business unit. Fee-Earning Assets Under Management are reported in the segment where the Total Assets Under Management are reported to the extent fee-paying to Blackstone.

While Fee-Earning Assets Under Management generally reflects Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn management fees, Fee-Earning Assets Under Management may also include Total Assets Under Management on which we are entitled to earn only performance revenues. Our calculation of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management may differ from the calculations of other asset managers, and as a result this measure may not be comparable to similar measures presented by other asset managers. Our definition of Fee-Earning Assets Under Management may differ from the definition set forth in the agreements governing the vehicles that we manage or advise.

Commitment-based drawdown structured funds generally do not permit investors to redeem their interests at their election. Certain of our open-ended vehicles generally afford an investor the right to withdraw or redeem their interests on a periodic basis (for example, annually, quarterly or monthly), typically with 2 to 95 days’ notice, depending on the fund and the liquidity profile of the underlying assets. In our perpetual capital vehicles where redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone’s or the vehicles’ board’s discretion, as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Investment advisory agreements related to certain SMAs in our Credit & Insurance and Multi-Asset Investing segments, excluding SMAs in our insurance platform, may generally be terminated by an investor on 15 to 95 days’ notice. SMAs in our insurance platform can generally only be terminated for long-term underperformance, cause and certain other limited circumstances, in each case subject to Blackstone’s right to cure.

Perpetual Capital

“Perpetual Capital” refers to the component of assets under management with an indefinite term, that is not in liquidation, and for which there is no requirement to return capital to investors through redemption requests in the ordinary course of business, except where funded by new capital inflows or where required redemptions are limited in quantum. Perpetual Capital includes co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital.

In our Perpetual Capital vehicles where redemption rights exist, redemption requests are required to be fulfilled only (a) in Blackstone’s or the vehicles’ board’s discretion, as applicable, (b) to the extent there is sufficient new capital, or (c) where such required redemptions are limited in quantum, such as interval funds or in certain insurance-dedicated vehicles. Perpetual Capital includes co-investment capital with an investor right to convert into Perpetual Capital. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it represents capital we manage that has a longer duration and the ability to generate recurring revenues in a different manner than traditional fund structures.

Dry Powder

Dry Powder represents the amount of capital available for investment or reinvestment, including general partner and employee capital, and is an indicator of the capital we have available for future investments. We believe this measure is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the extent to which capital is available for Blackstone to deploy capital into investment opportunities as they arise.

78

Table of Contents

Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management

Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management represents invested capital at fair value on which performance revenues could be earned if certain hurdles are met. We believe Invested Performance Eligible Assets Under Management is useful to stockholders as it provides insight into the capital deployed that has the potential to generate performance revenues.

Private Wealth Assets Under Management

“Private Wealth Assets Under Management” refers to the portion of assets under management attributable to the individual investor channel and comprises (a) all Assets Under Management in vehicles or share classes of vehicles, in each case that are primarily targeted to the individual investor channel (including parallel or related vehicles) and (b) Assets Under Management attributable only to individual investors (including through private wealth distribution agreements) in vehicles that are not primarily targeted to the individual investor channel.

Recent Tax Developments

On February 18, 2026, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued guidance which provides for additional adjustments to the calculation of the corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”). Based on the available guidance, Blackstone does not believe such adjustments to the CAMT calculation will materially impact its Provision for Taxes.

Consolidated Results of Operations

Following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations. For a more detailed discussion of the factors that affected the results of our four business segments (which are presented on a basis that deconsolidates the investment funds, eliminates non-controlling ownership interests in Blackstone’s consolidated operating partnerships and removes the amortization of intangible assets and Transaction-Related and Non-Recurring Items) in these periods, see “—Segment Analysis” below.

79

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth information regarding our consolidated results of operations and certain key operating metrics for the three and six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025:

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

$

Three Months Ended

Six Months Ended

June 30,

2026 vs. 2025

June 30,

2026 vs. 2025

2026

2025

$

%

2026

2025

$

%

(Dollars in Thousands)

Revenues

Management and Advisory Fees, Net

$
2,266,006

$
2,035,495

$
230,511

11%

$
4,414,626

$
3,939,812

$
474,814

12%

Incentive Fees

159,080

195,414

(36,334
)

-19%

324,499

387,239

(62,740
)

-16%

Investment Income

Performance Allocations

Realized

1,365,175

829,820

535,355

65%

2,468,348

1,391,870

1,076,478

77%

Unrealized

587,140

313,283

273,857

87%

870,592

576,484

294,108

51%

Principal Investments

Realized

105,585

97,171

8,414

9%

248,605

282,713

(34,108
)

-12%

Unrealized

414,821

365,391

49,430

14%

29,819

524,104

(494,285
)

-94%

Total Investment Income (Loss)

2,472,721

1,605,665

867,056

54%

3,617,364

2,775,171

842,193

30%

Interest and Dividend Revenue

134,224

100,389

33,835

34%

242,164

197,809

44,355

22%

Other

11,947

(225,063
)

237,010

